CARTER:
Previously on Eureka.
I would love to know who's
responsible for all this.
lam.
You're not alone.
You have friends.
Marry me, Allie. Again.
CARTER: All I'm saying
is that it's a big step,
and I'm a little
surprised at myself.
But it's unsettling.
I'm almost 17.
Lots of kids my age
are doing it.
Lots of kids your age
are doing lots of things.
I thought you'd be proud
of me, being responsible.
I am. I am.
I'm just adjusting to
my little kid growing up.
l'm waitressing
part time at
Cafe Diem.
It's not like
I'm walking
down the aisle.
I know,
and that place
isn't safe.
Who knows how many
radioactive isoscopes
Vincent has flying around
that nuclear reactor
he calls a kitchen?
Isotopes.
And it's fusion reactor,
it's not fission.
It's much safer.
Not helping.
So are you gonna go
see Henry?
Yeah. It's time for my
weekly chest whipping.
It's his hearing today,
so it might be the last one.
They're not gonna convict him.
I mean, they can't.
He's Henry.
Well, is there anything
I can do to help?
Just wear a lead apron.
Okay.
Triple Kampuchean,
double foam latte for Zane
and Bavarian
espresso hammer for Jo.
I'm here. Where do | start?
You are late, little miss,
so you can start by
bussing tables.
Great!
Doing the final test
of the Viper today.
You want to celebrate later?
Obviously.
VINCENT: Hi, guys.
What?
Oh, I'm just wondering when
you're gonna quit playing
hard to get
and give me an answer.
ALLISON:
I want to, Nathan.
There's a reason why things
didn't work out with us
before.
You always put your
work first. It...
Allie. I'm not
that guy anymore.
What do I got to do
to prove it to you?
Well, I think you're
gonna be given a chance.
The Department of Defense
liaison's gonna be here
at any time.
They're not gonna fire you.
What ifthe D.O.D. blames me
for Henry's security breach
and reinstates you?
Then, you'll be my hot,
little assistant.
(BOTH LAUGH)
I'm serious, you...
It's gonna be fine.
I promise.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
lt's Fargo.
Viper test is ready.
We better go.
Okay.
PATRON: Thanks. You know it.
Oh, my goodness.
Guess who popped
the question?
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Big test today, Fargo.
D.O.D. will be here.
Don't push the wrong button.
Shut up, Larry.
You all set, Dr. Edison?
Yes, I am.
Prepare for defeat, boys.
Martha, here, is gonna
make me proud.
(BEEPING)
Oh, my God,
what's she doing here?
The Fixer.
Her latest book makes
Sun Tzu look like
Mary Poppins.
(CHUCKLING) Oh,
you are so dead.
ALLISON: Who's the Fixer?
FARGO: Eva Thorne.
The woman's a
Wall Street legend.
She's dismantled and
rebuilt more
Fortune 500 companies
than anyone in history.
She coined the term
downsizing,
fired Lee Iacocca.
Well, why would the DOD.
send a corporate killer
to Global Dynamics?
I'm guessing it's not
to hand out promotions.
Oh, God, this is it.
Here she comes.
Eva Thorne,
this is a huge honor.
You must be Douglas Fargo.
She knows my name.
She knows my...
Fargo, I have a feeling
that Miss Thorne knows
everyone's name.
Doctor Blake,
please, call me Eva.
Pleasure.
And I assume
tall, dark, and brooding
here is Nathan Stark.
Eva, I am so curious
as to why the
Department of Defense
would send a
business tycoon
to Eureka.
I'm here to help.
The D.O.D. asked me to
review operations for
a few days,
see if I can offer up any
suggestions for improvements.
Here, in Eureka, we have the
greatest minds in the world,
solving the greatest
mysteries in the universe.
Can't put
a price tag on that.
Maybe you can't,
but I'm pretty sure I can.
Global Dynamics is gonna
have to start earning
its keep,
and I believe I can
help you do that.
Show me what you got.
MAN ON LOUDSPEAKER:
Stand by, all personnel.
Viper Defense System
initialization sequence
will begin.
ALLISON: This is G.D.'s
advanced weapons
testing facility.
The variety of terrain options
afford us many different
attack scenarios.
THORNE: So, tell me what
you're testing today.
The Viper Anti-Missile
Defense Array
makes the Star Wars program
look like an Erector Set.
The system can track
up to 12 targets.
The turrets emit
hafnium powered photons
in controlled bursts.
We've had 19 successful
tests. Today should make
a perfect 20.
Not if Martha can help it.
Martha?
Ethan Edison.
Ethan, this is Eva Thorne.
He designs our target drones.
Martha's my latest design.
I really think she stands
a chance against the Viper.
Manning the Viper with Fargo
in the G.D. control room
is Zane Donovan.
He's been working with
Dr. Stark on perfecting
the Viper's tracking system.
The same Zane Donovan
who crashed the
New York Stock Exchange?
Allegedly.
All right, boys,
let's show Miss Thorne
what the Viper can do.
You got it.
Viper system is online.
Tracking system is active.
Dr. Edison, it's time for
a little target practice.
The drones will
proceed 1,000 meters
downrange,
then turn back and commence
the simulated attack.
The Viper's mission,
knock them all down.
FARGO: Here they come.
Viper's locked and loaded.
Stand by.
She's about to go hot.
Any time now.
FARGO: There's only
one drone left.
Come on, Martha.
THORNE: Dr. Stark,
what's going on here?
FARGO: Hold on. Martha
is targeting the Viper.
What the hell?
NATHAN: Look out!
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
Hit the failsafe!
EDISON: Martha's not
responding to any
of my commands.
Impressive.
Great.
HENRY: Rook takes rook
on G-seven. Check.
Patience, Jack.
Sometimes, the best offense
is a good defense.
Speaking of which,
is that why you
fired your lawyer?
It is. In my case,
there is no defense.
I lied. I endangered lives.
I put Global Dynamics
at risk...
Yes, but you also saved
Allison's son.
Doing the right thing
for the wrong reason
is still a mistake.
Rook on G-seven
to G-eight.
That's not what I'm
talking about.
Some things can't be forgiven,
no matter how much
I wish they could.
(DOOR BUZZING)
Knight takes pawn on
D-five. Checkmate.
Checkmate.
Jo?
What's going on?
The D.O.D. is confiscating
Henry's equipment as evidence.
Oh, evidence of what, that
he never threw anything away?
Hey, hey,
don't take that stuff.
Carter, the court order says
everything goes. I'm sorry.
Well, that isn't right.
Does Allison know about this?
I think she's focused on
more personal matters.
Yeah, like what?
Oh, you know.
No.
She hasn't mentioned
any new developments?
Jo?
Stark proposed.
Oh.
You okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, good for her.
Wow. If she's happy,
I'm happy.
You sure?
Absolutely. Yeah.
Yeah, well, you know,
we didn't have a future.
We didn't even have a present.
If you say so.
(WHOOSHING)
What was that?
Wait for it.
(RINGING)
Let me guess,
someone lose a UFO?
It's not a UFO.
It's a military attack drone,
named Martha.
Well, that's so much better.
And it's not lost.
It's just not here.
Yeah, but the Fixer is,
and given her reputation,
if we don't find it, none
of us may be here for long.
Hold on. A Fixer is?
A silly nickname,
but what can you do?
Carter, this is Eva Thorne.
She's doing a performance
review of G.D.
Ah. Well, good luck with that.
Got your work cut out for you.
So do you.
Let's get Miss Thorne settled
and continue our tour
while the sheriff
handles this.
Yeah, any spare
office will do.
I just need someplace
to keep my things safe.
Already taken care of,
Miss Thorne, and I would be
honored to show you around.
Give us a chance to talk
about your new book.
(LAUGHING)
Great rewards require
great risk.
I couldn't agree more.
Big reader, Larry?
(CHUCKLES)
Neverjudge a book
by its cover, Sheriff.
Shall we?
Lead the way.
I really hate him.
Carter, we have to get
that drone back.
I can't exactly
arrest it for speeding.
We're trying to re-establish
microwave control,
but we believe
the guy who built her
is trying to protect her.
Why would he want
to protect a UFO?
His name is Ethan Edison.
He's in the Section Seven
test range,
and you should go
sheriff him up.
Your fiance is in a mood.
How did you...
Small town.
Oh, I haven't said yes.
Well, it's none of my
business. Now, I got a
UFO to catch, so...
I don't know what happened.
I stayed within
test parameters. I swear.
Look, Mr. Edison,
nobody's blaming you.
I'm blaming you.
Nineteen tests.
That's 19 victories
for the Viper,
19 losses for me.
I finally win,
everyone's mad at me.
Nobody's mad at you.
I'm mad at you.
We're just trying to
figure out
why your fancy
clay pigeon went AWOL.
Martha is a
learning computer, okay?
And she is developing at
an incredible rate.
It's like she went
from being a toddler
to a teenager overnight.
Well, your teenager
just stole a car,
a gun, and ran away
from home.
Now, she's dangerous,
and we need her back.
Believe me, Sheriff,
I'd like nothing more,
but, given her
current state of mind,
the last thing that
you should do is threaten her.
Well, okay, given.
But we need this fixed.
Martha's not responding
to her control signal,
and she's flying
below radar range.
Eureka's electromagnetic
security barrier should
keep her contained
within the city,
but I'm worried about her,
Shenﬁ.
She's growing up way too fast.
Oh, believe me, I get that,
but we need her back.
Vin, nobody orders
the same dish twice.
French, Italian, Namibian?
How am I supposed to
memorize the menu
if you don't have one?
There's only one rule
at Cafe Diem, Zoe.
You want it, we got it.
Come with me for a sec.
Now, if you're
gonna work here,
you need to
be able to navigate
the walk-in fridge, Zo.
Navigate?
Whoa!
It's like Narnia.
Ponchos are on the left.
Take the shuttle
if you need food
from the back.
Now, here's what I need.
We have a VIP
coming for lunch
and I want to whip up
something special.
So, good luck.
See anything?
JO: Not yet.
You run Edison's file?
Yeah, graduated Cal Tech,
where he married his
lab partner, Mina.
Fifteen years, he's been
building drones
and Global keeps
shooting them down.
Never had a win before today.
Well, he finally
made up for it.
I vote for a coffee break,
we can visit Zoe.
Yeah, no time
and rather not.
Carter, you got to be
more supportive.
A little independence
is good for her.
See? That's where it starts.
Next, it's gonna be,
"I want my own place,"
then, "Did I mention
my boyfriend's moving in?"
And, "Why wait to
get married? Because
we love each other now."
And, "Congratulations,
you're a grandpa."
And, I hope,
all in that order.
Hey, exactly
how big is this thing,
like, bigger
than a breadbox?
Oh, crap.
Meet me at the
Sheriff's Office.
Hi!
Martha, is it? Yes.
We have a lot of people
looking for you.
Ethan is worried sick.
I'm gonna call him
right now
so he can
come take you home.
Jo, drop it.
Don't threaten her.
Her? What about us?
Jo. Jo.
(BEEPING)
(BOTH EXCLAIM)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Noted.
Jo, we've got to get her
off the streets, okay?
Yeah.
Just follow us
for a second.
Easy.
Nice killer drone.
Where the hell'd she go?
I'm guessing, there.
Yeah.
So, it's an invisible,
killer drone?
Just keeps
getting better.
What's the plan?
Kind of improvising
here, Jo.
(SHUSHING)
She's at my one o'clock.
You know football?
Three brothers, yeah.
Blanket blitz, on three.
One, two, three!
Got it!
Oh!
(SCREAMING)
What do you want me to do?
CARTER: The cell!
Get her in the cell! Whoa!
(WARBLED ELECTRONIC VOICE)
I can't believe that worked.
We rule.
(EXHALES)
We so don't rule.
You tried to arrest it?
We tried to contain it.
By putting a weaponized
attack drone in jail?
Well, when you
put it like that...
I don't presume to know
how to do yourjob, Sheriff,
but these numbers
are concerning.
They show the various
incidents in Eureka
over the past 50 years.
What are all the
red dots over there?
That would be the period
since you've been here,
Sheriff Carter.
Oh.
I take it, red is bad?
Yes, red is bad.
Red is costly.
To be frank, your budget
can't afford you.
So, this is somehow my fault?
Numbers don't lie.
I don't cause
the problems around here.
Look, can the two of you get
along for five minutes?
Not likely.
Martha is out of control.
We need Ethan to
find a way to find her
before things
escalate any more.
Okay. Um...
Jo, let's get
everyone off the street,
until she's found.
Oh, declaring martial law
on review day?
Not exactly a highlight
for the resume.
I got to protect the town.
You protect you,
it's what you do best.
Jo, can I...
I'm gonna go with him.
So, you and Carter
don't exactly get along?
Not exactly.
Allison seems to think
rather highly of him.
We all have
our blind spots.
For what it's worth,
I think you were dead on.
When you're running
a place like this,
people need to follow orders,
not question them.
They just need
to be reminded
who's in charge.
Can I go?
Of course.
ALLISON: Here's Ethan's.
All right, just get it
off your chest.
I know it's killing you.
Honestly, I don't know
how you could consider
marrying him again.
I don't know, Carter.
Maybe I still love him.
Oh, well, then, you guys have
something in common.
He loves him, too.
Oh. Sorry, I thought
you were Ethan.
No, but we're looking for him.
Well, he should be home
any minute.
Why? Is something wrong?
Yeah, you might want to hold
off on the champagne.
Mina and I havejust worked
for so long to get a win,
I just didn't have the heart
to tell her how the test went
until we found Martha.
Well, Martha found me.
She attacked me,
and then she turned invisible.
Where do you think she is?
I don't know,
but I know Martha,
and if she wanted to hurt you,
you wouldn't be
standing here right now.
But cloaking?
Clever girl.
She must have somehow figured
out how to upgrade her system.
Are you telling me
you didn't program
her to do that?
No! See, each version has
different abilities, right?
Like thermal defense,
infrared, x-ray,
but cloaking always drains
the fusion power cell.
So I left it out
this time.
Oh, trust me, she has it.
Maybe that photon blast
that she absorbed
somehow supercharged her
microprocessor.
Well, we better get her back,
before she hurts someone.
Hey, listen, the only reason
that she came after you
is because she's
on the defensive,
but if she's cloaking,
she's gonna have to
come home to recharge.
(CARS APPROACHING)
MAN: Go! Go! Go!
I want everything
boxed up and taken back
to Global Dynamics,
every drone is to be
disassembled and analyzed.
ALLISON: Nathan,
what are you doing?
Myjob.
Sheriff, I'll take it
from here.
Does it matter that
all of this is evidence
in an active
police investigation?
Nope. You had
your shot, Sheriff.
This is all property of
Global Dynamics,
which means it is
out of your jurisdiction.
Dr. Stark,
please, don't do this.
My work is all I have.
It's not your work,
anymore, Dr. Edison.
Martha's become a dangerous
and expensive liability.
I'm sorry, Ethan.
You violated test parameters.
You're done.
It's okay, Ethan.
Well, it's 12:00.
Still on for Cafe Diem?
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
Pompous jackass!
How could anyone be
attracted to Stark?
Besides the ruggedly
handsome, successful,
powerful thing, I...
Thanks, Jo.
Zane, Ethan swears
that the photon blast
made Martha smart enough to
upgrade her own system.
No way, software, maybe,
but hardware? Not a chance.
All right.
So, who would want to
do this to her?
I don't know. But they'd
have to know how to hijack
an encrypted frequency
to control her.
He also says that
cloaking drains her battery,
so she'll need to recharge.
Mmm-hmm.
But if Stark took
all of his equipment,
maybe she'll
follow him to G.D.
No, the security's too tight.
It'll need another source.
It'll take a fusion reactor
to do her any good.
(STAMMERING)
Well...
How about the one
in the back of
Vincent's kitchen?
Oh, that'd work.
How'd you know that?
Father knows best.
ZOE: All right, I've
had just about enough
of Narnia.
Take the shuttle?
Yeah, ifl could find it.
Who likes fennel, anyway?
(WHIRRING)
Excellent! A flying shuttle.
Not exactly roomy,
but whatever.
(SIGHS)
You have a passenger.
(WARBLED ELECTRONIC VOICE)
What's wrong? Does your
battery need charging?
(WARBLED ELECTRONIC VOICE)
Okay, but make it quick.
I'm freezing to death.
Everybody down!
Invisible drone on the loose!
You may want to lay off
the Vinspresso, Sheriff.
Oh, boy! I think
I got everything.
What took you so long?
I was lost.
I'd still be in there,
if your Cylon shuttle thing
hadn't shown me the way out.
BOTH:
What Cylon shuttle thing?
It was just behind me.
(SOFTLY) You guys
get in the corner.
Go. You guys, down.
(PEOPLE MURMURING)
CARTER: Martha?
Martha?
(EXCLAIMS)
Really?
(THUDDING)
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
CARTER: Martha?
Jo, stand down.
Martha? You remember me?
Piggybacks, good times.
LARRY: The applications
for my work, very surprising.
Martha's here.
(WHIRRING)
How did she...
Look out!
(SCREAMS)
You okay?
Yeah.
Is she out?
I don't know.
Everyone else okay?
Yeah.
I'm okay.
Larry isn't.
I don't get it. I mean,
she seemed so nice.
Yeah.
Go home, sweetie.
Why?
Because, working here
isn't safe.
I can't worry about you
and do myjob, so... Sorry.
You know, you can't
control me forever.
Maybe not, but I can today.
Sorry.
Well, Larry's
unconscious, but alive.
Martha and I were
face to face.
Why'd she take
a shot at Thorne?
Poorjudgment.
Well, there's plenty
of that to go around.
I appreciate what
you did, Sheriff,
but this town
is out of control.
I want you to take
this thing back
to Global Dynamics
and have it
permanently dismantled.
As far as my
review is concerned,
it's not looking good.
Perfect.
So, what do we do now?
We finish what we started.
What's this?
That would be a remote
transmitter.
So, someone has been
controlling Martha.
Someone who wants
to hurt Thorne.
Everyone's job is on the line.
I'm sure there's a lot of
people who would celebrate
if she wasn't around.
Or one person in particular.
We think she tied into
the cafe's power supply
to stay cloaked,
and then she fired on Thorne.
It's not in her programming
to attack someone unprovoked.
That makes sense.
We think she had
a little outside help.
Didn't she, Mina?
I'm sorry?
You were chilling champagne,
before the tests
were even over.
You knew that
Martha was gonna win.
Well, I hoped.
CARTER: No, you didn't.
You guaranteed it.
Sorry, I don't understand.
What did you do?
Give her some extra
bells and whistles? Hmm?
Just to give her the edge?
Mina?
It's not easy living in a town
where everyone's exceptional,
especially when they're given
every advantage to succeed,
but you're not.
Ethan pours his heart
into his work,
but there are always
restrictions that guarantee
Martha's destroyed.
My husband's a brilliant man,
who's only allowed to fail.
For once, I just...
I just wanted everyone to see
how talented he really is.
Thank you, sweetheart.
That's very touching,
but you went too far
and now a man
is in the hospital.
Well, Larry.
I may have boosted
Martha's abilities,
but I had no idea
she'd escape,
let alone hurt anyone.
We found this remote
transmitter attached to her.
Well, this didn't
come from me.
It's not sophisticated enough
to keep her under control
for very long.
But why go after Thorne?
If Martha was after Thorne,
there's no way
she would have missed.
Then Thorne wasn't
the target.
Hey, Vince, did you find
anything when you were
cleaning up over there?
Let me ask my waitress.
Oh, right,
I can't, you fired her.
Vince...
Look all you want.
This mustard isn't gonna
clean itself.
Hey, check it out.
Larry had that
book with him all day.
Yeah. Since when does
paper melt?
Neverjudge a book
by its cover.
I want you to take it apart.
Find out what made it
go on the attack.
Sort of a shock
and awe-topsy.
You don't do an
autopsy on a machine.
From what I saw,
she's more human than
a lot of people I know.
Well, let's find out why.
Okay. Why me?
Because I read your file
and I want the best person
for the job,
unless you don't think
you're that person.
No, no, I definitely am.
I just need to grab my gear.
Let's get you started.
CARTER: Larry.
Larry!
Oh, hey.
Don't be upset, guys.
Doc says
I'm gonna be just fine.
We brought some
reading material
to speed your recovery.
It's not what it looks like.
Really?
'Cause your book there
is programmed to the same
encrypted frequency
as the transmitter
we found on the drone.
Okay, it's a little
what it looks like.
You've been controlling
Martha the entire time.
Some of the time.
What the hell
were you thinking?
I knew the DOD.
was coming,
and when I realized
who they sent,
I freaked.
I developed my E.L.F.
signal capturing remote
to use against enemy drones.
Just wanted
to show it worked.
By destroying the
entire Viper system?
No! I hijacked the signal
before the test,
but I was as surprised
as you when Martha
took out the Viper.
I wanted to show my design
to Thorne at Cafe Diem
and land Martha outside,
but Martha snuck in
and ambushed me.
Mina Edison boosted
Martha's learning capacity.
She outsmarted you.
I'm really sorry.
Well, you're lucky
that we got her back
before things spiraled
out of control.
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
What's that?
Security breach,
Section Seven.
It's Martha.
CARTER: So much for
things not spiraling
out of control.
She's leading them into town.
And, now, she's
completely autonomous.
You think she's been
planning this all along?
Planning what?
Well, I mean, Martha can
disengage from Larry,
she can beat
the Viper system,
but then she goes down
after a couple pops
from our cap guns?
She was playing possum.
Well, now, you have an
artificially intelligent
drone army looking
for payback.
Jo, signal a lockdown.
Everyone inside.
I'm heading out.
Look! See that plane!
How many are there?
Everyone off the streets.
I need you...
Look the whole...
I know. Let's go.
I can see that.
Quickly. Now, please,
everybody just go home.
I'm almost 17, SARAH.
I mean, he can't
keep controlling
everything I do.
SARAH: Your father
does the best he can.
What kind of crappy
platitude is that?
The usual kind, I guess.
I'm receiving orders from
Officer Lupo for
a Level Four lockdown.
Lockdown from what?
I don't know,
but she was quite clear.
(SARAH POWERING DOWN)
SARAH?
Tell me that was you.
(DOOR OPENING)
SARAH?
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
They're taking out the power
beacons for the EM. shield.
What is that?
NATHAN: It's an
electromagnetic
security umbrella
that covers the town.
It's like an invisible
fence over Eureka
that the drones can't breach.
They've hit four of 26.
If they take down
too many beacons,
there's no way we can
keep them in Eureka.
All right, listen up!
Everybody, I need you
indoors, please.
Everybody, please get off
the streets and indoors!
Thank you very much.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hey, Zoe, it's not a good
time. Just stay inside.
It's like
War of the Worlds
out here.
Yeah, well it's like War of
the Worlds over here, too.
What?
Martha's here.
I'm on my way.
(WHIRRING)
(WARBLED ELECTRONIC VOICE)
Zoe?
It's okay.
I'm right here.
SARAH: Primary systems
restored.
Here, take a seat.
You okay?
Did she hurt you?
SARAH, lights!
No, she's gone.
I actually think
she was trying to help me.
Help you what?
Get away from you.
ZANE: Only twelve
beaconsleﬁ.
We're below
50% shield strength.
We need to bolster the shield,
before they take it down.
No, we have to
take it down, first.
What?
Well, I don't think Martha
wants to hurt anyone.
I think she's
the emotional equivalent
of a pissed off teen
who needs some space.
Except Martha's not a teen.
She's not even human.
When we were at the cafe,
she saw me ground my daughter,
and then she broke into
my house to set her free.
She may not be human,
but I don't think she's
bent on world domination.
Well, that's not a chance
I'm willing to take, Sheriff.
We need air support, now.
Wait, if you go
on the attack,
then, so will she.
Sometimes the best offense
is no defense.
Well...
Something like that.
No, Carter almost
articulated a good point.
We escalate, so does she.
Taking the barrier down
first could be seen
as an olive branch.
Or a surrender, which is
something I never do.
I'm here under the authority
of the DOD.
I'm gonna use it.
It's Eva Thorne.
I need General Mansfield.
We have an emergency
situation here in Eureka.
Prepare the fighters.
NATHAN: General Mansfield,
she is unqualified for this.
I'm sorry, but Thorne has
the full backing of the DOD.
It's her call, now.
General, she is sending your
men into harm's way.
Well, luckily, that's what
they've been trained for.
I'll keep watching.
Carter, the fighters
are in the air.
You got to shut down
the EM. shield
before they get here.
Martha needs to know
we trust her.
Even if we do, Thorne's
controlling the planes.
For the moment.
What?
What are you saying?
She thinks we're incompetent.
Let's prove her right.
PILOT: Omega One,
this is Alpha Leader.
We are minutes
away, and closing.
Your targets are dead ahead.
FEMALE ELECTRONIC VOICE:
Electromagnetic security
barrier is now inactive.
What? Why are the
barriers down?
I thought you were fixing it.
Oh, sorry, I must have
pushed the wrong button.
I do that sometimes.
PILOT: Omega One,
this is Alpha Leader.
We have contact.
Then, take them down.
Omega One,
your transmission's
breaking up. Say, again?
THORNE: Shoot
the drones down.
Alpha Leader,
do you hear me?
Hmm! Somebody
must've hijacked
the signal. Crazy.
PILOT: Omega One,
we're going hot.
Permission to engage?
Negative, Alpha Leader.
Fire only if fired upon.
You are making
a disastrous mistake.
No.
Okay, Carter,
I really hope you're right.
Tell me about it.
Right, so you're sure Martha's
gonna be able to hear us
on this thing?
Yeah, yeah,
but whether she listens
to us is another matter.
PILOT: Omega One,
we're being targeted.
We're live. We're live.
We're live.
Well, if you have any
words of wisdom,
like, "Don't start
World War Three,"
now's the time.
Listen, Martha, it's Ethan.
I know that you're upset,
but violence is not the answer
and there's gonna be
consequences for your
acﬂons,younglady.
If you want respect,
you're just gonna
have to earn it.
Give me that.
Okay, Martha,
so, here's the deal.
I know it sucks having
someone control
everything you do,
but it's worse not to have
anyone care at all.
I've had my fair share
of running away,
and believe me,
it is no picnic
out there on your own.
So, my advice to you
is take a lap,
let off some steam
and come home.
Parents only make us
miserable because they care.
And don't start
World War Three.
Right, and that.
PILOT: Omega One,
target is closing.
Request permission to fire.
NATHAN: Negative, Alpha One,
hold your fire.
Don't do it, Martha.
Come home.
You just have to trust me.
Listen to me, Martha.
PILOT: Alpha Leader,
roger that.
Engaging sidewinders.
Roger.
Omega One,
all targets
have disengaged.
That's my girl.
(ELECTRONIC HUMMING)
You and your team
went behind my back
and undercut my direct order.
Some of us went right
in front of your back.
And we were right.
You were lucky.
Yeah. But have you seen
the graph of all the red dots?
Where the lunatics
are running the asylum?
I used to think
the same thing,
but they're not lunatics.
They're not all...
There's a fine line
between genius and crazy.
But, sometimes, the things
that they create are amazing,
like Martha.
Which would have been
destroyed, had they
done things your way.
But your way
could've been worse.
Great rewards
require great risk.
Big reader,
are you, Sheriff?
I heard it somewhere.
Huh.
So, what happens, now?
Dr. Stark, I've decided,
on a trial basis,
that you will resume
your duties as
Director of Research.
No, I won't,
not without Dr. Blake.
Oh, of course not.
You may know science,
but your people skills
leave a lot to be desired.
Dr. Blake, you will be the
new Director of Operations.
So, we'll be co-heads
of Global Dynamics?
No, more like
CEO and COO.
Well, who's gonna be
the chairman?
For the time being,
that would be me.
G.D. needs
corporate partnership,
private capital, synergy.
There are gonna be some
big changes around here.
What is all of this?
It's our first sponsor.
It's very exciting.
Well, I'm gonna leave
this to you two.
I have a drone-shaped hole
in my office to attend to.
Carter! I just
wanted to say,
it's been a really rough day
and you really came through
for everyone.
Thanks.
So, you and Stark?
(LAUGHS)
Yeah, I think so. Maybe.
You really think
I'm making a mistake, huh?
(STAMMERING)
No. No, no, I...
I think whatever you decide,
I'll be here for you.
Really?
Yeah.
(LAUGHING)
No, not really.
Get out of here.
You were willing to walk away
from Global for me?
I told you, I want us
to be together
in the office, always.
Nathan, do you really think
we can make this work?
I know we can.
Okay.
Is that a yes?
That's a yes.
Vincent, I think we're gonna
need a bottle of champagne.
All right.
Hey. Hell of
a first day, huh?
Yeah. Thanks for
letting me come back.
Yeah. I overreacted.
Sorry I'm late.
Yeah, I'm afraid you are.
VINCENT: Champagne, coming up!
Let's go.